README.md, before:

# Youtube_playlist_extension


## Description

This project is a FastAPI application that provides a high-performance RESTful API.This Extension which would help you find total length of a playlist

## Getting Started

#### To use it in your browser
1. Clone the repository or download the extension files.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Sha1kh4/Youtube_playlist_extension.git
    ```

2. Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`.

3. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right.

4. Click "Load unpacked" and select the extension directory.


## Usage

1. Open a Chrome tab with a YouTube playlist.

2. Click on the extension icon in the toolbar.

3. Click the "Find Length" button to retrieve and display the playlist summary.
## API Response

The API response will include the following information:

- Number of videos in the playlist
- Average length of a video
- Total length of the playlist
- Estimated lengths at different playback speeds (1.25x, 1.5x, 1.75x, 2.0x)

### Dependencies

- Python 3.6+
- FastAPI
- Uvicorn


### Todo

- [x] Create the extension
- [x] Make it working on local environment
- [x] Make it working online

- [ ] Make it work for multiple playlists on a single page  
  - [ ] To show length next to the total no. of videos in a playlist(in the same div)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

added information related to FastAPI application

README.md, after:

# Youtube_playlist_extension


## Description

This project is a FastAPI application that provides a high-performance RESTful API.This Extension which would help you find total length of a playlist

## Getting Started

#### To use it in your browser
1. Clone the repository or download the extension files.

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Sha1kh4/Youtube_playlist_extension.git
    ```

2. Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions/`.

3. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right.

4. Click "Load unpacked" and select the extension directory.


## Usage

1. Open a Chrome tab with a YouTube playlist.

2. Click on the extension icon in the toolbar.

3. Click the "Find Length" button to retrieve and display the playlist summary.
## API Response

The API response will include the following information:

- Number of videos in the playlist
- Average length of a video
- Total length of the playlist
- Estimated lengths at different playback speeds (1.25x, 1.5x, 1.75x, 2.0x)

### Dependencies

- Python 3.6+
- FastAPI
- Uvicorn
## API Documentation

- **Swagger UI:** Access the interactive API documentation using [Swagger UI](https://yt-2znm.onrender.com/docs).
- **ReDoc:** For a more user-friendly documentation interface, navigate to [ReDoc](https://yt-2znm.onrender.com/redoc).

## Example

To retrieve information about a YouTube playlist, you can use the following example with `curl`:

```bash
curl "https://yt-2znm.onrender.com/summary?url=PLhQjrBD2T380F_inVRXMIHCqLaNUd7bN4 "


### Todo

- [x] Create the extension
- [x] Make it working on local environment
- [x] Make it working online

- [ ] Make it work for multiple playlists on a single page  
  - [ ] To show length next to the total no. of videos in a playlist(in the same div)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
